ABOUT.md, before:

# Expedia Deal Finder

### WHY NODEJS

I picked this framework because it's the web framework I am most familiar with of the choices in the task, as well as with React. In fact, over the past year I have mostly with Meteor, which is based on NodeJs and aims to simplify the process of web development. While I have experimented wtih NodeJS outside of Meteor before, this is the most I have taken any project. 

I chose not to use Meteor because it felt like overkill for this task. For example, MongoDB is not required for this, nor is streaming data. 

### PROCESS
I started out working on the backend first and once connected, I set out to work on the frontend. Unfortunately, the frontend kinda spiralled out and I just kept grinding at building it up in React. It might have been faster to stick to HTML and JQuery. 

While this is the most in-depth project with NodeJS I have worked on, I am very familiar with basics of NodeJS, Express, and React. Though I learned a lot about putting them together, which is what I most confused by in the beginning.  

### TODO
The project need to add more tests. Also originCity for flights, a price range, and time range filters. As well as to run the linter. As well as add better error handling.

Commit message:

more in about me about tests

ABOUT.md, after:

# Expedia Deal Finder

### WHY NODEJS

I picked this framework because it's the web framework I am most familiar with of the choices in the task, as well as with React. In fact, over the past year I have mostly with Meteor, which is based on NodeJs and aims to simplify the process of web development. While I have experimented wtih NodeJS outside of Meteor before, this is the most I have taken any project. 

I chose not to use Meteor because it felt like overkill for this task. For example, MongoDB is not required for this, nor is streaming data. 

### PROCESS
I started out working on the backend first and once connected, I set out to work on the frontend. Unfortunately, the frontend kinda spiralled out and I just kept grinding at building it up in React. It might have been faster to stick to HTML and JQuery. I have done little testing in my current job. Though I have written tests before for open source contributions to the Meteor framework. So I learned a little bit about how to run tests though I needed to write more tests.

While this is the most in-depth project with NodeJS I have worked on, I am very familiar with basics of NodeJS, Express, and React. Though I learned a lot about putting them together, which is what I most confused by in the beginning.  

### TODO
The project needs more testing. Also originCity for flights, a price range, and time range filters. As well as to run the linter. As well as add better error handling.
